Next steps:

get the pick checker in working order
    - catching non picking orders
    -

rename csv download file name

get more information on how the csv download works
    - it skips columns if they are missing values
    - if there are ", it combines the contents with the next cell

html/css layout task:

change buttons
spacing between buttons
hyperlink to other processor app

extra: 
    making an area of shop items order numbers
    formatting webpage layout
    extra: deleting 'star' items
    extra: creating drag and drop locations for files on web page
    *is there a way to format object to insert key (excel column) in between others. To format for DT upload*
    sub in DB-SHIP to replace open order and line items file -- missing description... - but stock with cat does have a description!


put the test files in object arrays folder to store on work computer


service time:
    stack laundry has 'cat' of washer and gets 30 mins...
------------------------------------

potential issues:

    -caught order for CPU and not delivery. how to catch it with this system? - solution: see the ship address

What does paperwork provide right now?
    -catching phone number contact in notes
        solution - look in notes and highlight like with paperwork
    -putting notes to come back to
        pick up keys - solution: add a line item for keys
        notes - solution: send out bulk notes email
        questions - make a line item with the question and highlight?
    -checking off trucks
        - pass orders through a double checker the morning of deliveries?
            solution - keep paperwork to check off trucks

--------------------------------------

brainstorm for system with double checking with picks

loop inside service function
    changes to model number, location, or quantity.
loop anywhere?
    changes to notes or address.

keep old list, add to it with new order numbers

map with <li> to show changes
    give a button to press to update on the sheet



how to know if an order has been pulled off?

------------------------------------------

brainstorm for adding line item report to picks

test entire v2 system

make a different page for the route ahead app to reduce confusion

**Need to get the csv download figured out**
    -if the first line is missing header info, it doesn't print the column or the ones after

flagging install items is a little buggy

handle changes manually? - yes, for now... >:D
    
// taglist header names
// OrderNumber	CustomerNumber	CustomerName	Salesperson	StockShipped	Description1	ShippingDate	QuantityToShip	LocationNumber	Row	Tagging	Oldest	Quantity

// tail wind 'watch'
npx tailwindcss -i ./src/input.css -o ./src/output.css --watch
